How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    it is easier to find bugs when you see only the different parts between both versions.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    it´s faster to compare and find bugs having the older versions organized

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manually, you can chose the name so it is easier to remember

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

   it would save memory?

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    you cant???

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

   i could return to a working version easier

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Finfet  versions

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?


It would allow me to find working versions faster

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

     manually, you can decide when a significnt change is done, meanwhile, google docs will generate a bunch of versions that are not really significant, but you may forget to do it when it is manually done.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    because most documents in google docs are not related, while in git, coding projects are likely to be related

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

         thats what they are for .... i think